# gettingAndCleaningDataFinal
Repo for Getting and Cleaning Data: Final Course Project

## The assignment:

"You should create one R script called run_analysis.R that does the following.

    - Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.
    - Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.
    - Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
    - Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names.
    - From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable
      for each activity and each subject."

## Contents of this repo:

 - run_analysis.R script: 
      This script downloads the data, merges training and test sets, and tidies the data according to the 
      assignment guidelines. Finally, it produces tidy (wide format) summary data set comprised of the means
      for each subject and activity.
      
 - tidy_UCI_HAR_dataset_means_for_each_subject_and_activity.txt :
      This is the final tidy (wide format) summary data set comprised of the means for each subject and activity
      generated by the run_analysis.R script.
      
      This file can be read into an R data frame using read.table(filePath, header = TRUE).
      
 - CodeBook.md
      This file describes the variables contained in the final data set based on the features_info file in the
      original UCI data by Reyes-Ortiz et al., and the steps involved in merging and tidying the data
      
 - README.md
      The file you are currently reading, which describes all files in the respository, including itself.
      


Thank you!!

 
